we do not know so we will discover
we must not want to discover at the small
a little bit we came specially the
weekend for the beautiful sunday
I really like the mountain
how do crafts
the folk the animals good bye and then
see lots of friends they make up there
already and of course tonight the meal at 10
with the atmosphere that has down
here are some areas of interest
collected here and there in the heart of this
crowd come with the good weather and in
many ready to ship did
beautiful Sunday were lé there
no excess driving I think we're going
do roughly 8 8 to 9000 climb without
count the shuttles that carry
also on the website site where we
will immediately find jean-françois
our special envoy he describes us
the prevailing atmosphere
well, we're going live from the
beautiful Sunday scene here at full
France right now it's the group
where a kern has moved a group from the
High Savoy who plays Mass comes from
this carnage
the party is in full swing with more than 40
craftsmen artists who are busy under
the wooden chalets of the musical groups
will occur itself on 7
throughout the afternoon strong time
around 16h 16h30 with the parade of
animals
the agricultural competition and the delivery of
price passed one of the 38th a beautiful
Sunday are welcome
just now thank you jean
francois at mid day where the sun
is already high in the sky small detour
by the bar where the aperitif is served to
all the guests
all in music
the artisans the craftsmen are
generously represented in the heart of
party everyone presents his fabrications
creation and other objects always good
stamped terroir cows animals of the
closed
the mountain tradition of export that
things the plh and then the whole thing in order to
look like a chivalry loan
Nature I tell of boiled
after the other up to 6 or the milk that
container we see cheese circles
the boat that a bell founder
stage bronze is against it realizes
sand molds on natural sand
archive learns the footprint of a model
and we bring the inscriptions into the
mold
make relief inscriptions for
candidates I pick in the
Mountain
so the best known I spite here I
am going to
I will tell you about the isoc
mountains I'm going to talk to you about the
nerve bubble that I pick in chartreuse
since it only grows when chartreuse
and today I also had some
gentian and after the liquor further
tasting that bread baked in the fire
whose prime contractor made the
moving from morgins with an oven
ancestral of 4 tons at least we die
molding leaves lifted we can here
how long does it take for these
beautiful loaves of bread can be golden
that and be ready and an hour then his
powerful union at starting at 380 400
degrees
but
when
here
and then the beautiful Chatel Sunday
was also the family activities
children are not forgotten wooden games
or the walks dr koné here is a challenge that
make you dizzy climb the highest
possible on stacked crates
super nice activity work that
requires a lot of balance it requires
a lot of rice concentration and for a
crazy about twenty crates made
part of the best scores achieved
always higher always stronger
after playing the equilibrists
it's time to embark on a baptism
helicopter
we will take them to the left world
that behind us that the mountains
still great sounded on the
lake montriond that right next door and in
five minutes it allows to do the
helicopter baptism to see from very
beautiful mountains to see a very beautiful
panorama and enjoy a max wacom
Lake Geneva
in five minutes we still see a
beautiful site what's this point of view and for
thrills too
it was great a beautiful viau it was
very good
visit our way pleasures me
I had seen on the ground but not in
the air
the beautiful are at the party what more
normal on this beautiful Sunday one of
Highlights in this late afternoon
undoubtedly remains the cattle competition
which has been a great success we come
not often necessarily on the right date
so automatically it has benefited
this year and after this day of
party if we were to give a
definition at this event in the heart of
alpine pastures one could say the feast of the
local heritage the holiday of tourism and
the feast of agriculture with people
passionate above all they make a
huge work everyday and without even
we like to share the beautiful Sunday
remains in all its splendor a party
mountain pasture and two mountains
here are the summits in pictures and
seen from above
as a conclusion
years
in
yeah